---
id: aug42025
title: 🍊 now (read me!)
date: 2025-08-04T15:21:00Z
isPinned: true
pinnedOrder: 4
---

still in NYC, flying back to toronto in 10 days! 

# random things that have happened since last update 
- employment front: interviewing at 3 uncorn fintechs, realizing that i like certain roles over others 
- own work front: interviewed at two accelerators for a new project im solo building 
- got really into neville goddard and the power of positive thinking 
- moved to Jackson Heights! 
- OMG I PUT DOWN A DEPOSIT FOR A KITTEN WOO HOO 

# staying accountable
i have a personal discord i've been using as a to-do list for the past few months. recently i onboarded two of my other "self-employed" friends onto it and it's really been helping them. Heres their unprompted testimonials LOL: 

"Thank you for getting me into the Discord group Helen! It has been great! What I've done this past week was comparable to what I have done last month! That’s a 400% productivity boost!! ♥️"

"After my pilgrimage, I found myself constantly stressed, trying to figure out what I wanted out of life, which felt like an existential crisis. Then Helen came to my rescue. We set up a simple chat where we added our daily to-dos, and that transformed how I approached every day."

Having them here has also really helped me tho so it's a win-win! 

# current mood: indecisive as usual, yet positive 
things are good, chugging along, excited for the future. here's to an abundance mindset for you reader, as well! 

---
*BTW, this is my /now page, inspired by Derek Sivers and the [/now movement](https://nownownow.com/about). It's essentially a spot to showcase what I'm exactly up to these days. I'm keeping my old /now pages though, you can see them in the other entries.*